V2C LICENSE
Version 0.0.1

The following students and/or former students of the Department of Computer
Science at the University of Central Oklahoma shall hereby own and make
decisions on behalf of this Software and its derivative works, within the
limitations set forth by this License, until such time that this License has
been superseded by another in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth herein. These individuals will be referred to as "Owners" herein.

* Caleb L. Power
* Nicholas Clemmons
* Everistus AKpabio
* Rashed Alrashed
* James Riggall
* Glen Mathew
* Jonathan Craig

This Software and its derivative works may be submitted to the University of
Central Oklahoma exclusively for the purposes of completing the computer science
and/or software engineering capstone courses provided therein during the fall
semester of the year 2020. The University of Central Oklahoma shall not hold any
right to modify, sell, or otherwise distribute this Software or any of its
derivative works.

Individuals not included in the above list of Owners may be presented a copy of
this Software for the purposes of assisting in its development for the duration
of the fall semester of the year 2020 at the University of Central Oklahoma. On
or before January 1, 2021, all such individuals must destroy any and all copies
of this Software and its derivative works under their custody.

No person, including the Owners, and excluding exceptions denoted herein, may
sell or otherwise distribute this Software, its derivative works, or any of its
representations, whether such representations be as source, binaries, or
otherwise. In addition, no person, excluding the Owners and other exceptions
denoted herein, may obtain or modify this Software, its derivative works, or any
of its representations, whether such representations be as source, binaries, or
otherwise.

Upon unanimous consent of all Owners present and voting at a meeting, physical
or virtual, and held by the Scrum Master known by the University of Central
Oklahoma, this License may be amended or replaced. All Owners must be notified
by email sent to their email address provided for the purpose of fulfilling
capstone requirements within three (3) calendar days of any such meeting.
